well howdy there internet people Isabeau
again tonight I'm gonna start off with
an anecdote telling it for two reasons
the first is that I just saw somebody
try to tell it and butcher it and there
is nothing worse than putting a lot of
thought into a great concept and having
it relate poorly and the second is it's
very timely fits with a lot of things
we've been discussing on this channel so
there's a civics teacher and it's the
second ed class and this guy's job is to
talk about government what it is so what
he what he's supposed to do said he's
standing up at the front of class and he
says okay at the end of the week you
guys are gonna have to divide yourself
in the groups of four or more now I'm
gonna walk around the room and I'm gonna
whisper a word in your ear if you follow
instructions some of you may get an A in
this class and never have to do anything
else some of you may fail the word I'm
going to whisper in your ear is
determined by where you chose to sit
today it's all done by a seating chart
so he walks around the room he starts
whispering it gets back up to the front
of class and he says okay if I whispered
the word witch into your ear your job is
to get into a group with two or more
churchgoers if you do that you get an A
if I whisper churchgoer into your ear
and you end up with a group they're in a
group with a witch in it you fail now
predictably the class erupts talking
about how unfair it is but begrudgingly
over the next week they divide
themselves up into little groups they're
mad but they do it
the end of the week everybody's sitting
there and their little groups and he
says okay if I whisper churchgoer into
your ear raise your hand and everybody
does now when I just heard this anecdote
told it was kind of like a gotcha moment
there were no witches at Salem
I think it was a little bit deeper than
that the guy was a little bit smarter
than that
the only person labeled a witch on that
seating chart was him his job is to
teach about how government works that's
what they do isn't it they tell you what
to be afraid of they whisper in your ear
and tell you what to be afraid of tell
you the penalties if you don't do what
they say if you don't ostracize these
people if you don't take the correct
stance they get you so scared
you never stop to think about why you're
even participating in it I think it's
very timely because of a lot of the
discussions that take place here because
that's what most of them about at the
root we wouldn't even be talking about
him if it wasn't for fear fear of the
other fear of this this thing that might
happen but the reality is that there's
not many wishes
now it was a common theme in the comment
section of the Hat video on the proposed
Alabama law about false accusations a
whole bunch of guys worried terrified
afraid of those witches making false
accusations
the poetic justice using something
related to Salem there's an example in
the lead-in to hit this is not lost on
me but that's what they're worried about
should they be really wears it out of
which the reality is guys unless you
walk around terrified that you're going
to get raped or sexually assaulted
probably shouldn't worry much about
false accusations because you are more
likely to be sexually assaulted then you
are to be falsely accused that's the
reality but somebody whispered in your
ear and he believed it panic struck
terror and while we're on this topic
some of you may have already seen it
there's there's a video that that's out
it wasn't exactly leaked I just didn't
want to put it on this channel because
it was a little dark that was a concept
not a refined finished product so I
don't want to hear any critiques about
the production value on it that a little
PSA about that Alabama law and how that
will be used but I'll put the link in
the comment section just to understand
it is dark it wasn't something I felt
comfortable uploading here even as just
a concept okay now back to the topic at
hand
probably pretty afraid of terrorists too
they're witches they are you're more
likely to be killed by cop than a
terrorist probably worried about school
shooters not saying you shouldn't be
it could happen could happen your child
is more likely to die by suicide you
worry about that nobody's told you that
that's your fear nobody whispered that
spell in your ear
the witch the government those an
authority to have a class then tell you
that illegals right undocumented workers
there's certainly a witch today even
have the same propaganda they're
poisoning us from within
violent they do all these horrible
things the reality is they are more
law-abiding than the average citizen and
you are more likely to be sexually
assaulted by a cop than an illegal
Iraq you know active duty in Iraq death
big fear reality more vets killed
themselves during that time period then
we're killed by enemy action fear what
can be used by those at the top to keep
us fighting with each other just like
that class keep us kicking down or
punching left and right rather than
punching up fear that's what it takes
today to win an election in the u.s. you
have to tap into what people are afraid
of and make them more scared turn them
into cowards and want to hide behind a
wall that's I mean there's nothing more
symbolic than that it's it's ridiculous
and the thing is most of them truly
believe that they're the best brightest
and bravest
we're fair and they're afraid somebody
who speaks a different language as we're
coming up and trying to move forward in
this country you might want to think
about who's trying to keep you terrified
keep you afraid and those people who are
trying to charge ahead through the fear
through the things that are supposed to
be our downfall you determined from that
who you want to follow anyway it's just
a fault y'all have a good night